UI/UX Hackfest - Initialize the online events section (#3260)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/events/online-hackfest/2020-uiux/index.adoc

See the link:/participate/[Contribute and Participate] page for more information about how to contribute.

During this hackfest, we will organize link:https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/[online meetups] and ad-hoc training sessions in different timezones.

> There are no mandatory events you must attend remotely, allsessions will be recorded and published on link:https://www.youtube.com/user/jenkinsci/playlists[our YouTube channel].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no mandatory events you must attend remotely, all sessions will be recorded and published on link:https://www.youtube.com/user/jenkinsci/playlists[our YouTube channel].
```

> There are no mandatory events you must attend remotely, all sessions will be recorded and published on link:https://www.youtube.com/user/jenkinsci/playlists[our YouTube channel].

Author: I think we will need a new playlist for the event, but we can add links to multiple ones

== Online events

We will organize multiple online sessions during the hackfest to
share experiences and do knowledge transfers.
All these sessions will be recorded and published on link:https://www.youtube.com/user/jenkinsci/playlists[our YouTube channel].
There are no mandatory events you must attend remotely, you are welcome to join the events you are interested in.

// TODO: Add timezone converter for all dates

* May 25, 01:00-02:30 PM UTC -
  _Hackfest kick-off_
  (link:https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/270644129/[RSVP here])
* May 25, 03:00-04:00 PM UTC -
  _Beautify the user interface of Jenkins reporter plugins_ by link:/blog/authors/uhafner/[Ullrich Hafner]
  (TBA)
* May 25, 04:00-04:30 PM UTC -
  _Jenkins is The Way program overview_ by link:/blog/authors/alyssat/[Alyssa Tong]
  (TBA)
* May 26, 09:00-10:00 AM UTC -
  _Additional Opening and Q&A session_
  (TBA)
* May 26, 10:00-10:45 AM UTC -
  _Migrating plugin docs to Documentation-as-Code_ by link:/blog/authors/oleg_nenashev/[Oleg Nenashev]
  (TBA)
* May 26, TBA -

>   _System Read Permission: Feature demo, and how to contribute_ by link:/blog/authors/timja/[Tim Jacomb]

Reviewer: should really have an author macro for this

Author: Could you please report a GitHub issue?

Reviewer: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/3261, tried to use the create an issue from the comment but it seems broken atm =/, annoying

  (TBA)
* May 26, TBA -
  _Migrating documentation to jenkins.io_ by link:/blog/authors/markewaite/[Mark Waite]
  (TBA)
* May 27, 04:00-05:00 PM UTC -
  _UX SIG meeting: mid-term hackfest updates and demos_
  (link:/sigs/ux/#meetings[meeting links])
* TBA -
  _using and developing Jenkins themes_ by link:/blog/authors/oleg_nenashev/[Oleg Nenashev]
  (TBA)
* TBA -
  _Closing session_
  (TBA)

> Stay tuned, they will be more events announced soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stay tuned, there will be more events announced soon!
```
